hello and welcome people to this
minecraft tutorial video where I will be
showing you how to get lots and lots of
blaze rods so what I have here is I have
a blaze spawner behind here and it has
been sealed up entirely so they stay in
this area and then all you do you just
kill them and then you just collect your
blaze rods as soon as that one moves
over here and he's floating up and back
alright so I will show you the inside of
it and that'll be pretty much it because
it's very simple you get very effective
oh my gosh I thought it yeah so
basically what I did was I went back
here I covered the whole thing in that
and then I put from two blocks out I I
sealed off this little area right here
mainly so that they wouldn't get stuck
behind here and get trapped and then
because from back here they can see your
face and if they can see you then
they'll attack you so it this is a lot
safer than any other way that I've seen
or heard of and for extra precaution
when you're not using it just put like
easy block to break like gravel right
there that way they can't see you and
you can't see them that way that you
won't get shot from like say when you're
walking in here and so yeah let's just
fire this up one more time I dig all
that and yeah so I'll be back no no I
won't but all these blaze rods right
here all 16 I got those and say a minute
or two so it's very very effective and
yeah so P so I hope you enjoyed and
remember to comment rate subscribe all
that fancy fancy jazz and as soon as I
kill this one I will be out
so there we go see blaze rod but when
getting it you have to be careful
because you got to go fast or else you
know it could respawn and yeah so that's
it good bye